Add another way to get keys (#88847)
Azure/azure-content: articles/cognitive-services/Custom-Vision-Service/includes/quickstarts/python-tutorial.md

>
> You can find the prediction resource ID on the resource's **Properties** tab in the Azure portal, listed as **Resource ID**.
>

> > You also can go to https://www.customvision.ai/, and sign in. After signing in, click the setting icon at the top right corner, and you can get all the keys, resource ID, and endpoints in the setting pages.
> >

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> You also can go to https://www.customvision.ai/. After you sign in, select the **Settings** icon at the top right. On the **Setting** pages, you can get all the keys, resource ID, and endpoints.
>
```
